c:\users\nse\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PortalService\PortalService\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\nse\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PortalService\PortalService\bin\PortalService.dll.config
c:\users\nse\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PortalService\PortalService\bin\PortalService.dll
c:\users\nse\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PortalService\PortalService\bin\PortalService.pdb
c:\users\nse\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PortalService\PortalService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\nse\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PortalService\PortalService\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\nse\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PortalService\PortalService\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\nse\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PortalService\PortalService\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\nse\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PortalService\PortalService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\nse\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PortalService\PortalService\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\nse\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PortalService\PortalService\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\nse\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PortalService\PortalService\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\nse\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PortalService\PortalService\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\nse\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PortalService\PortalService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\nse\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PortalService\PortalService\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\nse\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PortalService\PortalService\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\nse\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PortalService\PortalService\obj\Debug\PortalService.dll
c:\users\nse\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PortalService\PortalService\obj\Debug\PortalService.pdb
c:\users\nse\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PortalService\PortalService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\nse\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PortalService\PortalService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\nse\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PortalService\PortalService\obj\Debug\PortalService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
